# HTMLTTChess

This is the readme file of the HTMLTTChess package, a javascript program
that facilitates rendering of chessboards in HTML without the need of extra
images.

## USAGE
See file [index.html](index.html) for documentation.

## LICENSE
Copyright (C) 2007-2016  Michael Peeters <https://github.com/xeyownt>

HTMLTTChess package comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY. This is free software;
you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General 
Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

See file COPYING for more details.

## LINKS
* [Chess Merida Unicode on GitHub](http://github.com/xeyownt/chess_merida_unicode)
* [HTMLTTChess homepage](http://mip.noekeon.org/HTMLTTChess/).

## CONTENT OF THIS PACKAGE
    chess_merida_unicode.html       Documentation on the Chess Merida Unicode
                                    TrueType font
    chess_merida_unicode.ttf        The Chess Merida Unicode TrueType font
    COPYING                         License information
    html_tt_chess.css               The HTMLTTChess stylesheet
    html_tt_chess.js                The HTMLTTChess javascript
    main.css                        Stylesheet for the documentation pages
    README                          This file
    reference.html					Reference information on the HTMLTTChess
    sample_page.html                Examples of boards generated by HTMLTTChess
    template.html                   Minimum template for HTML pages using the
                                   	HTMLTTChess script
    xhtml1-transitional-chess.dtd	Custom DTD for validating HTML page with the 
                                    HTMLTTChess tag

## HISTORY

v1.13 - 2016/01/17

- Add @font-face in main.css (for chess_merida_unicode.html).

v1.12 - 2016/01/12

- Minor editorial improvements to prepare publication on GitHub.

v1.11 - 2016/01/08

- New license. HTMLTTChess used to be released under GNU GPL V3, but is
  now released under GNU GPL V2.

v1.1 - 2016/01/03

- Use web fonts in case the client does not have the necessary font 
  installed. For now the solution is very basic but it should work 
  with most modern browsers.
- Released under GNU GPL V3.

v1.0 - 2007/08/13

- First release.
- Released under GNU GPL V3.

